[Sampler.AWS] Wrapped root sampler with ParentBasedSampler (#2188)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Sampler.AWS/CHANGELOG.md

* Updated OpenTelemetry core component version(s) to `1.10.0`.
  ([#2317](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/2317))

> * `AWSXRayRemoteSamplerBuilder.Build()` now returns `ParentBasedSampler` which
>   which is of type `Trace.Sampler` instead of `AWSXRayRemoteSampler`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AWSXRayRemoteSamplerBuilder.Build()` now returns `ParentBasedSampler` which
  which is of type `Sampler` instead of `AWSXRayRemoteSampler`.
  ([#2188](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/2188))

```
